Interim dorine can love and Tony the lesser
Latin latin
there the tele
It hurts
found São Paulo for the ninth album
for saves will echo in step 35
will block the status and the
I repositioned Hogan
Hey
rest in peace eduardo campos
Brazil is in mourning now let's see the
declaration of death on the death of
eduardo campos
We're going to repo the
act telling live images of
president of the republic dilma rousseff
will make a statement on behalf of the
Brazilian government and the Brazilian people
I would like to give the deepest
condolences to the family and eduardo fields
her mother Ana arrais the owner since the
eduardo campos died my vote is his